[docs] Update E2E doc to use EAS Workflows (#35826)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/workflows/workflows-reference/e2e-tests.mdx

import { Step } from '~/ui/components/Step';

In this guide, you'll learn how to run end-to-end (E2E) tests on EAS Workflows using [Maestro](https://maestro.mobile.dev/). The example demonstrates how to configure your E2E tests workflow using the [default Expo template](/more/create-expo/#--template). For your own app, you'll need to adjust the flows to match your app's UI.

<Step label="1">
## Set up your project

If you haven't already, create a new project and sync it with EAS.

Follow the [Get started with EAS Workflows guide](/eas/workflows/get-started/#set-up-your-project) to create a new project and sync it with EAS. Then, [configure your project](/eas/workflows/get-started/#configure-your-project) and link your GitHub repository.

</Step>

<Step label="2">

## Add example Maestro test cases

This is what the UI of the app created from the default Expo template looks like:

<div style={{ display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'center' }}>
  <ContentSpotlight src="/static/images/eas-build/tests/01-home.png" className="max-w-[360px]" />
  <ContentSpotlight src="/static/images/eas-build/tests/02-explore.png" className="max-w-[360px]" />
</div>

> Let's create two simple Maestro flows for the example app. Start by creating a directory called **.maestro** in the root of your project directory. This directory will contain the flows that you will configure and should be at the same level as **eas.json**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create two simple Maestro flows for the example app. Start by creating a directory called **.maestro** in the root of your project directory. This directory will contain the flows you'll configure and should be at the same level as **eas.json**.
```

To be more clear.

Inside, create a new file called **home.yml**. This flow will launch the app and assert that the text "Welcome!" is visible on the home screen.

```yml .maestro/home.yml
appId: dev.expo.eastestsexample # This is an example app id. Replace it with your app id.
---
- launchApp
- assertVisible: 'Welcome!'
```

> Next, create a new flow called **expand_test.yml**. This flow will open the "Explore" screen in the example app, click on the "File-based routing" collapsible, and assert that the text "This app has two screens" is visible on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a new flow called **expand_test.yml**. This flow will open the "Explore" screen in the example app, click on the "File-based routing" collapsible, and assert that the text "This app has two screens." is visible on the screen.
```

Missing period as per the example below.

[Install your app on a local Android Emulator or iOS Simulator](/more/expo-cli/#compiling). Open a terminal, navigate to the Maestro directory, and run the following commands to start the tests with the Maestro CLI:

<Terminal
  cmd={['$ maestro test .maestro/expand_test.yml', '', '$ maestro test .maestro/home.yml']}
/>

The video below shows a successful run of the **.maestro/expand_test.yml** flow:

<ContentSpotlight file="guides/local-e2e.mp4" />

</Step>

<Step label="4">
## Build profile for E2E tests

E2E tests require a built app file: **.apk** for Android or **.app** for iOS &mdash; that EAS can install and test on an emulator/simulator.

In your **eas.json** file, create a build profile for E2E tests. If the file doesn't exist, run `eas build:configure` to generate it.

```json eas.json
{
  "build": {
    "e2e-test": {
      "withoutCredentials": true,
      "ios": {
        "simulator": true
      },
      "android": {
        "buildType": "apk"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

The above build profile creates an **.apk** for Android and an **.app** for iOS. The workflow uses this profile to build the app on EAS servers.

</Step>

<Step label="5">
## Create an E2E test workflow

> At the root of your project, create an **.eas/workflows** directory. Then add a YAML file for your E2E test workflow, such as **.eas/workflows/e2e-test-android.yml**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the root of your project, create an **.eas/workflows** directory. Then, add a YAML file for your E2E test workflow, such as **.eas/workflows/e2e-test-android.yml**.
```

Missing period.
